hey you guys what's up and welcome back
to the small ethics Channel today I'm
bringing you a at home
guided workout video it's gonna be a
little bit of strength a little bit of
getting our heart rate up and you don't
need any equipment at all just a mat or
on your carpet shoes are optional but
probably recommended Kazuko have some
power intensity things this is good for
all fitness levels and it's going to be
awesome
just to explain the format before we
jump into it there is going to be three
circuits and each of the three circuits
is going to have three exercises and
instead of going four reps we're going
to go four time so we're gonna do 40
seconds of work for an exercise and then
15 seconds off to switch to the next
exercise and we're going to repeat each
circuit two times through so I'll run
you through all the exercises and
everything down on the mat and I'll see
you there all right you guys so just
starting to warm up we're gonna start
standing today you're going to bring one
knee into your chest give it a nice hug
and switch sides just stretching our
glutes hamstrings
[Music]
starting to wake up for us now you bring
it across your body diagonally get more
of a glute stretch here
[Music]
good coming into the quad stretch you're
gonna grab your foot off to a nap and in
the sky and come up on a tippy toe
switch sides
okay if you put your bones yeah working
I'm just warming up the extension of the
lower body here essentially extension of
the ankle the knee and the hip and also
stretching the quads up more good
hamstring scoops one foot out in front
hinge at the hips stretch the back of
your leg reach down and then reach to
the sky a nice big elongated your body
and switch legs
and court reading that breath more good
coming into a lateral lunge you're gonna
reach the opposite foot there's some
windmills opening up the hips back in
the fourth toe is facing one direction
reaching reaching reaching just getting
warmed up here
[Music]
good now in a lunge position so book two
is it fits in one direction you're going
to reach down hands framing the feet and
I'm just going to open up to one side of
the room go ahead back to Center bring
that hand to the inside of her foot
give it the back heel to the ground open
up the hips and rotate the body up to
the ceiling on this side good and make
your way over to the other side when I
start my chest website room go ahead
bring that hand down to the inside of
your foot other heel that kills the
ground open up to be others that are
opening up and rotating that chest to
the ceiling
good back to standing shake it all out
and bring it into a jog nice little
quick warm-up here doing total body work
today so we want to make sure everything
is ready to go breathe into some light
buck cakes they don't have to be all out
just picking up the feet a little bit
and some low high needs Messing light
I'm gonna match the jog then let's get
those glutes fired up we're gonna
download in and out right here in and
out you know squeeze in the court into
the belly button fire you close in and
out back to the jog and relax shake it
up grab a sip of water we're gonna start
the workout okay so like I said we are
doing these exercises for time now
correct so just follow my lead and we'll
go through each exercise take it one
exercises at a time I have my Tabata
timer here in those isn't about a
workout per se but we're using time so
I'm gonna put it on and play no logs
actually so the first exercise we have
is high pushup okay so you're going to
be in start in the push-up position
and then bring your butt up into the air
lock the feet and a little bit closer
hands are pretty wide out the idea here
is that you're doing a press but you're
working the shoulders it's more than the
chest okay so you're trying to position
your weight over your body to make it
easier you're gonna make it more of a
push up to make it harder you'll make it
more of a Pike pushup
okay so that's the first exercise we
have and I want you guys to take it slow
we're gonna use tempo because we don't
have weights so you're gonna move slow
count of 3 on the way down
slow country on the way up make it nice
slow and controlled all right let's get
started alright ready guys in three two
one forty seconds of work here nice slow
and controlled count of 3 on the way
down and up giving constant tension
and the shoulders try not to let your
shoulders come to your ears you want to
keep them down in the socket job you
guys keep it up halfway mark using that
breath do that next hill if you push up
you already feeling the burn inhale all
the way down keep it up guys coming up
on 10 seconds left to work right here
then we have a 15-second break we're
moving into tempo squats after this last
one good 15 seconds of rest I'll show
you guys the next exercise so we have a
tempo squat so squat position your feet
are shoulder-width apart you're coming
down nice and slow three two one
and then three two one they're never
pausing at any point get ready three two
one here we go nice and slow drive those
knees out over the toes go as deep as
you can it's okay if you can't get full
squat depth just go to where you can
ride those knees out with your toes like
I said you want to fire the glutes
squeeze the muscles imagine squeezing
everything and holding tension we're
halfway through have you guys
[Music]
holding and squeezing you got ten
seconds left here driving those knees
out to protect me keep the chest lifted
shoulders down three two one
good we got fifteen seconds next up we
got mountain timers so I just want you
guys to be hands directly underneath the
shoulder and alignment and you're gonna
be bringing your knees in like so
going with a controlled core here we go
three two one your side bringing those
knees in getting off work break it up
keep that belly button into the spine
and beat that booty low go guys got it
keep that four great without putting
down halfway mark feel those shoulders
away from the ears
keep it up
don't forget to breathe we've got ten
seconds left
you got it in five four three two one
fifteen seconds rest we're moving back
into the pike push-ups one more time
through this circuit in five seconds
getting into position remember next slow
in control at three two one exercise
here we go going down nice and slow
and pressing up nice and slow if going
slow is too much you can do a little bit
easier bring the feet out and do more of
a regular push up you can also do them
from your knees
and try to get more of your shoulders
here at an angle whatever works for you
guys you want it to feel challenging but
doable we got 15 seconds you got this
count of three use that breath pullo's
she can eat ten blocks your sizes though
these give me we got five or great poop
and dress whoo check it out in 10
seconds moving into our tempo squats cut
your breath right here starting in three
two one
nice slow and controlled squeeze the
glue holding tension slowing down
movement is really how we get a good
workout from home rather than speeding
them up it's really easy to things that
we have to do more when we're home but
really the cues and be more intentional
and doing what we got 20 seconds halfway
mark right here
keep breathing ten seconds keep it up
you guys holding that attention using
that for belly button to spine and three
two one good last time we're gonna do
mountain climbers we're starting in five
seconds and three two one here we go
keep that belly button in pick or bring
those knees up if you need to go slower
that's okay all that matters decide to
do something for these 40 seconds keep
Sweden you guys got it bring those knees
in halfway mark good up team
we got 10 seconds left don't hold your
breath we got more three two one and
rest all right you guys I'm gonna take a
minute here catch your back we're gonna
do moving on for a second circuit catch
your breath
let me know you guys if you're watching
any good shows right now we've actually
you know Kerry and I watched like so
much less TV since we've been sort of
self quarantined but we did start the
third season of Ozark yesterday which
was it's a commitment it's such a show
you can binge but let me know if you
guys are watching anything good right
now open to suggestions
all right you guys so moving into
circuit two first exercise we're gonna
be doing is a side plank knee drive well
let me show you what this looks like
before we get started so you are coming
into this position for our side plank
make sure your elbows directly
underneath your shoulder if you do
pressing up into a side plank feet or
stacked or if you have problems with
balance here that's okay put one foot
out in front stagger now to take this to
the next level we're gonna be adding in
a knee drive nice control tweet support
and bringing it back okay this is a
difficult variation so if this is too
hard I just want you to try to hold the
side leg position for this one okay
all right ready in four three two one
here we go
link up bringing that knee up for that
knee drive excellent control and back
we're gonna switch it's a halfway mark
so 20 seconds in we'll switch the
keep those hips up in the air come on
you guys lips up hips hips up in four
seconds we quit three two one roll and
switch pull this sides easier for me you
guys will probably notice one side your
dominance life is gonna be a little bit
easier still part keep it up you guys
whatever variation you're doing keep
those hips elevated lifted three two one
rice okay Oh
next up we have some lateral downs okay
you guys so we're not starting yet
you've got ten seconds we're jumping
back and forth nice power explosiveness
okay and three two one
here we got exercise try to stabilize
the new land using your legs exhale as
you press off all the fields in the
movie
we're halfway there you guys keep it up
you bought this keep breathing
going on your own pace keeps being
powerful here ten seconds you got this
[Music]
in five four three two and one
so my camera just does it so I'm not
sweating anymore but I'm back we were
back into the workout just pretend
nothing happens we have a Paula tear you
guys want to break a couple more seconds
and then we're moving into single leg
hip thrust let me walk you through that
so you're starting on the ground bring
the bellybutton into your spine squeeze
the core you're gonna be pressing
through the heel up off the ground and
we're gonna do one and a half bucks okay
so what does this look like it's one
down and a half rep down at the 20
second mark I will let you know it will
switch sides so just starting here there
we go
working here one and a half reps so full
hip extension down half full half
squeezing at the top keeping constant
tension pressing through that heel and
switch sides
pressing up pull and then half
really should feel it in the blue and
the poor getting those half reps in
extra burn in the bouquet
a lot of you guys said you want a booty
workout so there's our ton of glute
workers here three seconds another
breast alright we've got 15 seconds and
then we're moving into from the top
again starting with our side thinks with
our knee drive in five four three two
and one exercise here we go bringing the
knee up and back down keep those hips
nice and high back down it's so funny I
always my camera always said that has
100 Centauri because I'm just like the
worst youtuber because I never know and
it dies in three two one switch sides
over to the other side keep those hips
up bringing that knee up keep breathing
make sure that elbow is directly
underneath the shoulder good form hips
up squeezing few more seconds you guys
you got this two one rest fifteen
seconds to catch your breath
we're moving into our lateral balance we
only have two more exercises left in
this circuit so stay strong
starting in four three two one here we
go
I love this exercise always get the
heart rate up and it's not easy
if you have problems with your needs you
can do smaller jumps for this lets
explosive really filling it in the woods
for halfway there you guys keep it up we
got five four three two one
nice last time last exercise shouldn't
say last time because we're about
halfway through the workout but we have
our last exercise in the circuits
turning in five seconds
get ready three two one
exercise pass through the heel down half
rep ok full hip extension squeeze
squeeze squeeze down half row really
working on keeping that muscle activated
the whole time
[Music]
one more rep here good switch sides
pressing through that heel really should
feel the burn in your glutes and if
you're struggling with the single leg
here put both feet down the drugs and
you're just going to do a regular hip
press okay keep it up you guys
one and a half crops to run do it rust
the second here you guys we're going to
go into our third circuit last circuit
of the day we're gonna do ABS after that
we're gonna have be starting off with
some tricep dips so do have a chair or
you have a soak off something available
to you that you can put your arms on
like so we're gonna be dipping down
keeping those elbows in right here okay
that's our first exercise that's up give
you a few more seconds to rest
make sure whatever you're going to use
to do the dips is stable we're working
or triceps in the back corner all right
here we go you guys ready in five four
three two one exercise here we go
whoa my biceps are so sore yesterday I
did a upper-body workout right here
Marc's dinning and so sore today I feel
like my more sore than I have been with
my gym workouts just using tempo
training like going really slow holding
it at certain bottom ranges of motion
like if you held here for a second boom
try it out huh we got 15 something's you
guys almost through this keep it up do
you need to you can bend your knees to
make it easier go ahead up to you either
way
in five four three two and one take a
second while you're resting I'll show
you the next exercise we have jump
lunges okay so you're starting in the
lunge position switching the legs
keeping balance jumping back and forth
in four three two one so here we go nice
and light on the feet it doesn't have to
be super aggressive if this is bothering
you you're going to go for a quick step
backs okay either one works just want to
keep moving the booty burner we're about
halfway there you guys you got this keep
it up really push yourself
keep breathing 15 seconds my legs are
literally on fire 10 seconds go team and
5 4 3 2 1 oh my god what catch your eyes
we have an ab exercise now toe touches
starting in 4 seconds horror max toes up
in the air shoulders down away from your
ears
just now you reaching up nice a little
pulses rich the pose exhale as you reach
your knees pork behind your ears that's
fine just don't grab your neck job you
guys
halfway there bring that belly button to
spine really squeeze before you got this
you are
[Music]
three two one oh we have one more
circuit of this left and then we're
doing some abs and pulling down so let's
really put our full effort into this are
you guys starting with the triceps and
for 302
we don't usually take a break this we're
just going straight through or powering
through what three exercises I also
because they don't film a lot of
workouts in the studio I forget to
always put the air on
oh it's like 75 degrees in here or
something
sweat any guys 15 seconds you got this
again we need to modify it bring those
knees in totally fine there's no better
or worse here five four three two and
one
look this last circuit tried to make a
tinge harder to really push ourselves
today once you get this workout done if
you jump with us today feel so good and
four three two one exercise here we go
jump lunges back and forth or you can do
those reverse lunges that's fine
plus I've been trying to go on walks
while practicing social distancing
that's been good get the step count up
halfway there you guys this is the
hardest part of the workout you can do
it one 15 seconds
best lunges you ever done right now you
got it
keep it up for less than 10
you got 5 4 3 2 1
boom holy moly their last exercise is
our Hodges
catch your breath we're starting in four
three two one exercise here we go last
40 seconds of work you guys we got this
Corinne feel so good after you got it
halfway there keep breathing
you got this three two one
Oh take a break grab some water
great job you guys we're gonna do some
chords together to finish this off it'll
be it'll be good to finish on feel our
core engage take a second here Rock some
water okay so we're going to do I'm
thinking three sets of V ups let's go
for 12 reps and we're just gonna go for
form okay so I want you guys to just
really focus on your form and we're
gonna pause for one second
top so just to demo what this looks like
you're still resting starting out
buddies nice and long three two
variations one here reach up straight
legs be up fooled for a second back down
okay so this is one variation you can
your leg straight as possible other
aeration knees are bent
they're coming in and out this is an
easier variation so you can only start
with straight legs and then move into
bed me if you like or you can you start
with you just do them the whole time
whatever is available to you important
thing is you want to feel it in your
core not straining your neck you want to
keep the shoulders down the back
chest nice and lifted we're gonna do it
oh you're really good reps cause once I
got top I'll be coming up downs take a
break and we'll repeat it a couple more
times okay all right you guys laying
down on your back take a deep breath in
we're starting three two one there we go
we got one boot off and up to keep those
shoulders down and away
three you got this work
I'm hungry hi I'm definitely a big
brother this 6/7 good shoulders down got
it
eight nine holding at the top let us
show you guys ten last two eleven one
more go team
hold three two one relax oh my gosh
that's a good one for the Apple hobbies
we're gonna do one more up with that
sorry two more one more set and then
we'll cover next she'll cool down
together all right you guys you ready
put the grasp lying on your back finish
off strong together hands hugs ahead
here we go and three two one reaching up
hold and down to hold set up three old
sounds for job you guys 5x1 on the way
up I'm ready bend your knees if you need
but trying to keep it warm
halfway there we got six good job you
guys I've slowed for five straight three
to have you guys you're shaking when
you're done to top it up
okay let's flip over
and knees wide on your map we're gonna
do a child's pose huh feels good right
just lean back send the hips back keep
the hands pulling you forward getting a
nice stretch in your torso just a couple
deep breaths I'm just sitting with how
you feel right now
take a moment to kind of take inventory
of your body and how it feels
post-workout does it feel good feel
tired do you feel less anxious let's
come to tabletop position
hold it you some cat cows together
priming and flexing the spine
oh hi your own pace this is totally on
your own time now just doing a few good
explained articulations getting a nice
stretch in the ABS good moving into some
hip flexor in add stretch right here
stretching those ABS and then coming
back down we do this a few times let's
go to the hips as well
[Music]
good let's let those toes under come
back into downward dog pedal out the
feet snack and let's bring one foot up
into the air run it through some pigeon
open up the hips down stretching that
hip
I'm so excited you guys Gary and I are
moving into our new apartment it's in
the same building but we have to move
ourselves on Sundays we're gonna start
packing so many boxes all up in here
what I'm most excited about press back
into down dog it's just showing you guys
all the designs I'm going to fill my
feed like before and after of the new
apartment walk your hands back to her
feet it'll be really fun I'll be like a
New York apartment renovation slash I'm
calling it right now but it's literally
like a DIY by April project so let's
start our standards a little lower
good let's slowly roll up five four
three two one and come to standing and
quad stretch since we did good amount of
leg stuff but yeah if you guys are
interested in this if you like design
and like interior design and you want to
see the mood boards for the space I've
been like kind of teasing some on my
Instagram and everyone loves it on
Instagram I love design personally so
it's gonna be really it's gonna be fun
good project to like distract ourselves
right now last one we're gonna do a
little hip stretch so you're gonna go
wide stance with your feet I'm gonna
bend over and then just press one knee
out
available to so panel machine Fabio it's
okay
this feels weird you don't have to do it
just opening up the hip flexors on
either side which you're normally pretty
tight I'm sitting all day a few times
stretching the hamstrings and that's it
you guys this was so fun
I hope that you guys are enjoying
working out with me on YouTube leave a
comment below on what kind of workout
you want to see next please give us a
like if you enjoyed it if you did the
workout and post your sweaty selfies on
Instagram tag me small etics and
subscribe to small eggs for more content
tailored to petite women and high five
you guys I will see you that next week I
hope that you are staying healthy and
safe love you guys bye
[Music]